add integration entities helper (#20371)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/templating.markdown

{% endraw %}

### Integrations

- `integration_entities(integration)` returns a list of entities that are associated with a given integration, such as `hue` or `zwave_js`.

> - `integration_entities(title)` if you have multiple instances set-up for an integration, you can also use the title you've set for the integration in Settings --> Integrations. For example to only target a specific device bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `integration_entities(title)` if you have multiple instances set-up for an integration, you can also use the title you've set for the integration in case you only want to target a specific device bridge.
```
